For my project, I wanted to create a web portfolio for myself. However, I already created a professional portfolio website for myself, so I opted to create a portfolio that is a bit more personal and much less professional. If you take a look at the source code for my project, you'll notice that it doesn't follow the typical GitHub pages format (it doesn't even contain an index.html). For this project, I am using only JavaScript. I'm utilizing a library called React, which the documentation for can be found [here](https://reactjs.org). After I create my code using React, I push to GitHub in the /docs folder on the main branch. However, the folder that GitHub Pages uses to create a page is in the gh-pages branch of my project. After pushing my source code to the /docs folder, I run a script with the CLI code `npm run deploy`. This converts the React source code into code that GitHub pages can use (it generates an index.html based off of the source code).

Currently, my website is more of a skeleton. I used [this](https://coolors.co/) site to generate a list of compatible colors. I found a palette of green colors that I liked since green is my favorite color. I have created a basic navigation bar at the top of the page. Currently, the navigation bar links to three different pages: the main page, a page about my cat, and a page about my favorite movies. I plan on adding more pages as time goes on, I just wanted to make sure I had a functional router in React to change pages. 

My page is currently hosted [here](https://kylemaxwell1224.github.io/website-portfolio-2020fall/#/). If you access the page on your phone, it is also very mobile friendly. The reason for that is because ReactJS is a very web-friendly and mobile-friendly library. For the future, I plan to add more content, change up the css a bit, and use APIs somewhere.
